Fixed #32655 -- Deprecated extra_tests argument for DiscoverRunner.build_suite()/run_tests(). (#14647)
django/django: docs/internals/deprecation.txt

* The default sitemap protocol for sitemaps built outside the context of a
  request will change from ``'http'`` to ``'https'``.

> * The ``extra_tests`` arguments to ``DiscoverRunner.build_suite()`` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``extra_tests`` argument for ``DiscoverRunner.build_suite()`` and
```
